So let's turn our application here into a simple single page application using the view router to allow
the user to actually visit more than just local host.
ADHD but maybe all the wizard slash blog or slash account.
So to do that we need to install a new package and I will do this in a new tab of my command line of
my terminal.
This is just an integrated terminal in my idea.
It's the normal Mac terminal.
And then I will use NPM And that's important.
Make sure you are navigated into this project folder though.
So then you can run an install to install a new dependency add a dash dash save to save it in the package
or Chase as a production dependency and then the package we need to step view dash router package does
as an official package by the View team which allows us to add a routing functionality to our view application.
So it already was installed.
Now we can set it up and we do it as the main door.
JS file first of all I will import the view router from the view router package we just installed and
now that we imported it we have to use it.
So we have to tell you chaps hey we want to use this plug in which it is the end.
We do it by using our view object which you can import from your.
And then running use.
And here we simply use the router which we imported here.
So with that we enabled the router.
Now we can start using it and as a first step I will set up a couple of routes.
We do this by creating a new variable and constant just the ESX feature you could use Lahr.
The special thing about constants that you clearly state that this will never change and I don't plan
on changing the routes during runtime.
So Consta routes is an array now and each route is a javascript object.
This object has to follow a certain pattern.
It needs to define the path to begin with the Potthast part after your domain.
So for example slash block to stick with the example I mentioned before then you need to specify which
component you want to load of the user with it's just path.
And here I don't have a fitting component yet.
So let's create a new component in the components folder.
I'll name it.
Block that view.
And here I will add a template
where I'll say a blog and then simply this is the blog.
And now we can specify this year if we first import it by importing block
from components block and view file and then specifying blog as a component.
So just like we registered a global component by passing the object here we now register this component
S-D to be a loaded component for this path.
Is route.
Now I will duplicate this so that I also have an account and this account component also needs to be
created.
So I'll create my account you file where I'd say template.
And now that's something I also have to do here.
We have to have one wrapping element as a set.
So let's put the two block elements into a div at the same here and account here will save their account
and then have a paragraph maybe where say your user account anything like that.
Now with that does our account component created.
So now I can import account from a counter view and I will refer to it here.
I need one last and that is the default route for just an empty path.
And here I still want to load the user component that of course also means that I can comment out or
I can also leave it here as global component definition but I will change my applet view file because
right now we're not using the routes anywhere.
We still only render our app user component.
Now here I want to comment this out and instead now want to use a special Capone and shipping with the
viewer out package we installed the router view this is the place where the view will render to component.
It needs to render due to the route we're currently on.
Now with that we can go back to the main dodgiest file and having our routes here is nice but doesn't
do anything to tail view she that it should use these routes.
I will create a new constant the router and here we instantiate the view router we import here view
router now takes javascript object to be initialized and we at least need to set up our routes here.
So we need to set the reality property which it will recognize and set it equal to all routes constant
here.
With this you can now hit save and it won't do anything because now we create at the router we finally
need to add a two hour view instance.
So here you can set the router property which you chaps will recognize and set it to our router Constand
which holds our initialized router.
Now with Dad if you would save.
You see we're still on our page the same page we were before but if you enter and ignored as strange
hashtag for now if you enter this block here you'll see the block page if you enter the account you
see the account page.
And if you go back to user page notice that the disease that has paragraph's always visible because
we placed it here below the route review.
Now how can we add links to our app and what is this hash tag doing.
More on this in the next lecture.